For example, a grayscale image can be represented as a 2D array of numbers—a 2D tensor; a color image is usually represented as a 3D tensor, with the extra dimension being the color channels. Sounds, videos, text, and any other types of data can all be represented as tensors.For a colour photograph, each pixel is described by three numbers, ranging from 0 to 1, that describe the redness, blueness and greenness of that pixel. The photo is described by a 3D array (a tensor) of size 1000 x 667 x 3.tensor is like a numpy array. The difference between numpy arrays and PyTorch tensors is that the tensors utilize the GPUs to accelerate the numeric computations. For the accelerated computations, the images are converted to the tensors. To convert an image to a PyTorch tensor, we can take the following steps −the case of RGB we have three channels red, green, and blue and each of these channels contains the pixels of the image in that particular color. This can be represented by an order three tensor and there are two major ordering conventionsGenerally tensor refers to higher dimensional matrices like the RGB value of each pixel in an image. Each pixel has an x,y coordinate (x,y) for its horizontal location and vertical location in an image. It also has three additional values: red, green, blue.There are three ways to create a tensor in PyTorch:
By calling a constructor of the required type.
By converting a NumPy array or a Python list into a tensor. In this case, the type will be taken from the array's type.
By asking PyTorch to create a tensor with specific data for you. For example, you can use the torch.the case of RGB we have three channels red, green, and blue and each of these channels contains the pixels of the image in that particular color. This can be represented by an order three tensor and there are two major ordering conventions.TensorFlow provides Ops to decode and encode JPEG and PNG formats. Encoded images are represented by scalar string Tensors, decoded images by 3-D uint8 tensors of shape [height, width, channels] . (PNG also supports uint16.) The encode and decode Ops apply to one image at a time.tensor is a generalization of vectors and matrices to potentially higher dimensions. Internally, TensorFlow represents tensors as n-dimensional arrays of base datatypes. When writing a TensorFlow program, the main object you manipulate and pass around is the tf$Tensor .Representation learning is the task of taking input data (for example, images) and automatically extracting features that make it easy for a program to resolve a particular problem (such as recognizing which objects are shown in an image, how similar two images are, and so on).Tensors are the data structure used by machine learning systems, and getting to know them is an essential skill you should build early on. A tensor is a container for numerical data. It is the way we store the information that we'll use within our system.To convert an image to a tensor in PyTorch we use PILToTensor() and ToTensor() transforms. These transforms are provided in the torchvision.
...
Approach:
Import the required libraries.
Read the input image. ... 
Define the transform to convert the image to Torch Tensor.rank . tf. shape returns a 1-D integer tensor representing the shape of input . For a scalar input, the tensor returned has a shape of (0,) and its value is the empty vector (i.e. []).When a tensor is first created, it becomes a leaf node. Basically, all inputs and weights of a neural network are leaf nodes of the computational graph. When any operation is performed on a tensor, it is not a leaf node anymore.Tensors are multi-dimensional arrays with a uniform type (called a dtype ). You can see all supported dtypes at tf. dtypes. DType . If you're familiar with NumPy, tensors are (kind of) like np.Abstract—Image Representation is the process of generating descriptions from the visual contents of an image. There is a wide range of image representation methods which have been proposed in the past few decades.Definition. In computer science, the representation of an image can take many forms. Most of the time, it refers to the way that the conveyed information, such as color, is coded digitally and how the image is stored, i.e., how is structured an image file.In order to use a Dataset we need three steps:
Importing Data. Create a Dataset instance from some data.
Create an Iterator. By using the created dataset to make an Iterator instance to iterate through the dataset.
Consuming Data. By using the created iterator we can get the elements from the dataset to feed the model.
